[SPARK-56984][DOCS] Document the SQL PATH feature (#56040)
apache/spark: docs/sql-ref-syntax-aux-conf-mgmt-set-path.md

     applies: `system.builtin`, `system.session`, and the current schema
     (`current_catalog.current_schema`), in that order.

  To change the default path, set `spark.sql.defaultPath` via any of the usual mechanisms
  (`SET spark.sql.defaultPath = ...` at runtime, `--conf` on `spark-submit`, `SparkConf`, or
  `spark-defaults.conf`); clear it with `RESET spark.sql.defaultPath` to return to the
  spark-built-in default.

* **`SYSTEM_PATH`**

  Expands to the two system namespaces, `system.builtin` and `system.session`.

* **`PATH`**

  Expands to the **current** value of the SQL Path. Useful for appending entries without
  re-typing them, for example `SET PATH = PATH, spark_catalog.analytics`.
  `PATH` is not allowed in the value of `spark.sql.defaultPath` (it would create a cycle).

* **`CURRENT_SCHEMA`** / **`CURRENT_DATABASE`**

  A virtual marker that resolves to the catalog-qualified current schema
  (`current_catalog.current_schema`) every time the path is consulted. This means subsequent
  `USE SCHEMA` statements are picked up without re-issuing `SET PATH`.
  `CURRENT_DATABASE` is a synonym for `CURRENT_SCHEMA`.

* **`schema_name`**

>   An explicit catalog-qualified schema reference (`catalog.schema`). Both parts are required.

Reviewer: "Both parts are required" reads as "exactly two parts", but the grammar also accepts 3+ parts. `SetPathSuite` has a test "multi-level namespace (3+ parts) is accepted" (`SET PATH = spark_catalog.ns1.ns2, ...`), and the `INVALID_SQL_PATH_SCHEMA_REFERENCE` error itself reads `Use at least two name parts (catalog.schema); multi-level namespaces are allowed.` Suggest:

```suggestion
  An explicit catalog-qualified schema reference (`catalog.schema` or, for catalogs with multi-level namespaces, `catalog.ns1.ns2...`). At least two parts are required.
```

Author: Good catch — applied your suggested wording in d04ce7afb90, and updated the grammar block to `catalog_name . namespace [ . namespace ... ]` so the two are consistent. Agreed that the `INVALID_SQL_PATH_SCHEMA_REFERENCE` message itself advertises multi-level support; committing to two parts in the doc was both inaccurate and inconsistent with what users would see in the error.

     applies: `system.builtin`, `system.session`, and the current schema
     (`current_catalog.current_schema`), in that order.

  To change the default path, set `spark.sql.defaultPath` via any of the usual mechanisms
  (`SET spark.sql.defaultPath = ...` at runtime, `--conf` on `spark-submit`, `SparkConf`, or
  `spark-defaults.conf`); clear it with `RESET spark.sql.defaultPath` to return to the
  spark-built-in default.

* **`SYSTEM_PATH`**

  Expands to the two system namespaces, `system.builtin` and `system.session`.

* **`PATH`**

  Expands to the **current** value of the SQL Path. Useful for appending entries without
  re-typing them, for example `SET PATH = PATH, spark_catalog.analytics`.
  `PATH` is not allowed in the value of `spark.sql.defaultPath` (it would create a cycle).

* **`CURRENT_SCHEMA`** / **`CURRENT_DATABASE`**

  A virtual marker that resolves to the catalog-qualified current schema
  (`current_catalog.current_schema`) every time the path is consulted. This means subsequent
  `USE SCHEMA` statements are picked up without re-issuing `SET PATH`.
  `CURRENT_DATABASE` is a synonym for `CURRENT_SCHEMA`.

> * **`schema_name`**

Reviewer: The grammar update in this commit (`catalog_name . namespace [ . namespace ... ]` on line 74) left this parameter heading orphaned: every other heading in this block — `DEFAULT_PATH`, `SYSTEM_PATH`, `PATH`, `CURRENT_SCHEMA`, `CURRENT_DATABASE` — appears verbatim as a token in the grammar above, but `schema_name` no longer does. The pre-follow-up grammar said `catalog_name . schema_name`, so the alignment used to hold.

Suggest renaming this heading (and its label) to match the new grammar, e.g.:

```
* **`catalog_name . namespace [ . namespace ... ]`**

  An explicit catalog-qualified namespace reference. At least two parts are required.
  The catalog and namespace do not need to exist at the time of `SET PATH`; non-existent
  entries are silently skipped during name resolution. ...
```

Alternatively, revert the grammar to `catalog_name . schema_name` and convey "multi-level namespaces allowed" only in the body — but the current grammar form is more accurate, so realigning the heading seems better.
